<html>
  <h1>Item Descriptions</h1>
  <h3><a href="https://clongb.github.io/items/about.html">About me:</a></h3>
  <body>
    <p>The About me page consists of various different HTML elements mostly taught from the <a href="https://runestone.academy/runestone/books/published/webfundamentals/HTML/toctree.html">Fundamentals of Web Programming</a>. There is a lot of hyperlinked text using href as well as the use of an unordered list in the "Things I like" section. To utilize the img tag in html, there is a section with "relevant media" with images related to the things I like, some resized to fit the page. There are several images under the third layer of heading with a caption for each, the beach one is even hyperlinked to a Google Maps location using <a href="https://github.com/clongb/clongb.github.io/commit/1f4884be6441ddc803ec472e0f7738cdd5afca3c#diff-803aebf51dbc2c943a0497ea3ac83678a0685acc84819a945bbf55d82e2f3e61">inline nesting</a>. For some however, different elements are used. Where there are Youtube embeds, Iframes are used based on the default settings Youtube provides when you copy their embed links. As for the yummy foods tier list, that is using table elements, which is very likely going to be updated by me in the near future since tables are more common in CSS.</p>
    <p><em>EDIT:</em> I added a css doc and linked it to the html doc with basic, intermediate, and some advanced techniques from <a href="https://htmldog.com/guides/css/">HTML Dog</a>. It contains body formatting so that the text is white, there's a custom background that's edited to be blurred and have less contrast, and the font was changed to Helvetica. Hyperlinks were changed to an aqua color for visibility, the table got colored white and was centered (more additions in the future), and each heading was changed to have a purple background, white text, and custom font size, padding, and margins based on the heading level. I also added a header that can take you back to the main page or the description of the site the user is currently on.</p>
    <h3><a href="https://clongb.github.io/items/top10.html">Top 10 Funniest Dogs:</a></h3>
    <p>The top 10 funniest dogs site was built using bootstrap CSS taught by <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/bootstrap5/index.php">W3Schools</a>, using elements such as blockquotes and containers to format the page in a specific way. I used the grid system to outline how each dog was laid out, and it allowed me to neatly execute a simple title-image-caption-quote format to present each dog using the row and column classes. Other than that, it uses the same HTML/CSS techniques from the about me page. I was even able to edit the CSS to change the color of the blockquote footer so it was more easily visible. The same header from the about me page to go back to the home page or site description is also there.</p>
  </body>
</html>
